>> Scott Moss: Let's go
make the Reddit one.
So originally, I was going to get
the front page of Reddit, but probably not
a good idea, especially today, [LAUGH] to
get the front page of Reddit and have it.
I had it doing stuff last night, and I was
like, I can't believe it just did that.
That's kinda crazy.
I don't even wanna know
what that post was, for
that image to get generated like that,
[LAUGH] but that's kind of crazy.
So, I mean, you can do the front
page Redditt if you want,
I'm just not gonna do,
I'm gonna pick a subreddit.
I think I'm gonna pick the,
Dustin showed me the ore,
the cute one was cut of the animals,
but most of them were just images, so
I need something that's
like more text-focused.
So I'm gonna pick the the NBA one.
There was a lot of text on there.
So I'll just pick the NBA one.
You can pick whatever subreddit you want.
You can do the front page of Reddit,
I'll show you how to do it.
It's super simple.
I'm just gonna do the NBA subreddit,
that way I don't get in trouble.
[LAUGH] Cuz that front page is crazy.
[LAUGH] You're not gonna do that.
And we're gonna do the same
stuff here as the import,
was it fetched from no-fetch?
There we go.
So, exports const redditToolDefinition,
we're gonna give it a name.
I'm just gonna call it reddit.
I mean, you don't have to do
exactly what I'm doing here.
If you wanna call it a different name,
give it a different name.
If you wanna have it take some parameters,
actually,
I don't think you can
have it take parameters,
cuz the API that we're using takes
no parameters, but you get my point.
So I'm just gonna say,
get the latest posts from Reddit.
I'm doing NBA, so
I could just come in here and be like,
get the latest NBA post from Reddit, but
I'm not gonna let the AI think that.
That way I don't have to ask very specific
things in my chat like show me the latest
NBA, just show me something from Reddit.
And then it doesn't know.
So I'll do that, I'll make my Args
again with my inference here.
So z.infer, Reddit tool parameters,
which is literally nothing.
So I don't really have to make this
to be honest, but it's just a habit.
And then,
let's actually make the function.
So we'll say,
export const reddit =
ToolFunctionArgs string>, oops.
>> Scott Moss: There we go,
I need a comma there.
And yeah, we'll get that data.
So we'll call it Redditt, and
this is where you can change it.
So I'm going to change mine to the NBA, so
I'm gonna say that, and
then you need to do .json at the end.
So any subreddit you want /.json,
like if I go through this right now,
it's just gonna give me all the json.
>> Scott Moss: There we go.
And it's the same structure no
matter what subreddit you go to,
even if it's the front page,
it's the same structure.
So this code will work no matter what.
So I'm gonna do that, I get the data.
I could just send back all this data to
the LLM right now, but it's a lot of data.
Look at all this,
look at all these tokens.
These are all tokens that's gonna be,
honestly,
this might be more tokens
than what the LLM can take.
So I'm not gonna send back all of this,
right?
So I wanna format this
before I send it back.
So that's what I have in my code up here,
or wherever Redditt is.
Here we go.
I'm doing this, so
I'm actually just gonna copy that
because that's just a lot of work.
But yeah, I'm only gonna send back an
array of these objects that have a title,
a link, a subreddit,
an author, and upvotes.
Put whatever you want, whatever you want
to be able to ask your LLM, put it there.
If you think it's useful, put it there.
You can do whatever you want there.
But these are the things that I thought
were interesting, so I put them there.
And then the last thing is, like I said,
you always have to return a string.
So I'm gonna return that.
And I've always had better look
when I format the JSON to the LLM.
Again, it's very human-like, even though
I know it formats the string before it
processes it and it does different
types of stuff, it gets rid of spaces.
But I've had so much better results when I
stringify, I'll always put spacing on it.
And if you don't know what this does, this
means stringify it and with, spaces of
two, so it's pretty printed out, and not
just like in one line, like regular JSON.
Somehow the AI just reaches better,
just like a human would, I guess.
So I always, when I stringify it and
I pass to the AI, it always just do that.
You don't have to, it's not required.